c 1 21 / cain velasquez just be
professor and we're here with the
Undertaker sir what are your thoughts of
windows I'm a little bit shocked come
out strong my chances would be better
round a little bit shocked when I got to
him early but find her the hell of a job
you think considering the size
difference that you able to manhandle
them like that thought they prompt
strength and size went over magic I
would have to go to a party or battle
and I'm actually very surprised almost
like you're at a loss for words there
who are you rooting for today the fuck
out of here Lesnar that max can't beat
the shit out of it left your bloody mess
in the first round in the promos for the
fight claim to be the baddest man on the
planet there's only one baddest man on
the planet and that's Mike Tyson so what
you need to do lizard is hanging up and
retired because you're done let's shout
out to MC Hammer swell swell swell
delicious follow me on twitter extern
steal one and subscribe to my youtube
channel see a worldwide don't forget to
check out my official website strength
steel 1 dot blogspot com google pays me
to drink malt liquor